[go_router_builder]: Fix `The argument type 'String?' can't be assigned to the parameter type 'String' because 'String?' ` on path and query params (#8737)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router_builder/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.8.2

> - Fixes an issue when enum params is required

Reviewer: I assume the reason we can't slap on a `!` is due to they may not be a required paremeter

```suggestion
- Fixes an issue when enum params are not required
```
